[OSDOCS#16980]: Kueue-CQA-3 (#117376)
openshift/openshift-docs: ai_workloads/kueue/using-cohorts.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
You can use cohorts to group cluster queues and determine which cluster queues can share borrowable resources with each other.

Borrowable resources are defined as the unused nominal quota of all the cluster queues in a cohort.

By using cohorts, you can optimize resource utilization, prevent under-utilization, and enable fair sharing configurations.

> You can also simplify resource management and allocation between teams, because you can group cluster queues for related workloads or for each team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can simplify resource management and allocation between teams, because you can group cluster queues for related workloads or for each team.
```
Small edit to avoid having two sentences in a row that begin with "You can also".

Author: Addressed
